Update retention-policies-sharepoint.md (#11790)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/retention-policies-sharepoint.md

When a user changes an item that's subject to retention from a retention policy or a retention label that marks items as a record, or deletes any item subject to retention, the original content is copied to the Preservation Hold library. This behavior lets the user to change or delete the  content in their app, while keeping a copy of the original for compliance reasons.

 > [!NOTE]

>  > Contents preserved in the Preservation Hold library is within users’ personal site. As a result, data in the Preservation Hold Library counts against the user's available storage. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > Contents preserved in the Preservation Hold library are within the user’s personal site. As a result, data in the Preservation Hold library count against the user's available storage. 
```
